Brother Muchen, I'm alright
Go back quickly
Nini
When your body is healed
I'll take you abroad again
You go first
There are Gu Yiming's people over there in the ward
You must not be discovered
Where did you go? Which wild man did you meet again?
Give noodles
Ask you a question
Doesn't Mr. Hu want to know where I went?
Ok I tell you
Thanks to your fiancee
I went to see another man
Almost should
Abused by another man
Am I satisfied with this answer?
Does Mr. Wang have anything else to do?
If not, you can find a way to let us rest.
Make it clear what's going on
Don't think I can't take you
Except my dad
Can Mr. Ku think of any other way to threaten me?